Congratulations, you've reached the end of this lesson.
Throughout this lesson, we worked with encoding and decoding digital assets.
After that, we moved on to a proof of existence
and touched on the basics of different block chain generations.
The goal is to help you implement this type of functionality on your private block chain.
This allows you to start posting assets as data into a new block in the block chain.
It also helps you manage assets like images, videos, audio files,
and other digital assets in the same way you've
been able to manage transactions with your web service.
This lesson was also meant to help prepare you for the next project.
We will be adding some functionality to your web service.
We've put a quick review of what was covered down below the video.
Take some time to review these ideas and when you're ready,
move on to the project to get started.